doc: add note regarding commit message trailers (#56736)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/pull-requests.md

   of the log. Use the `Fixes:` prefix and the full issue URL. For other
   references use `Refs:`.

>    `Fixes:` references get automatically added to your commit when the PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `Fixes:` references get automatically added to your commit message when the PR
```

>    `Fixes:` references get automatically added to your commit message when the PR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `Fixes:` and `Refs:` trailers get automatically added to your commit message when the PR
```

>    is merged, so it is sufficient to just link your PR with the issue or issues it is

Reviewer: The rest should be adjusted but fixing it through Github UI is extremely hard for me at the moment.

```suggestion
   is merged. It is sufficient to add a link your PR description.
```

Author: Well on GitHub you can also link the issue without adding it to your PR description 🙂 
(although I don't know if someone really prefers that option 😅)

Author: @anonrig I had to basically revert your suggestion because it was breaking the sentence:
![Screenshot 2025-01-24 at 01 50 53](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/11352728-2fb2-4190-9226-5e4bb1b1b0d3)

I've anyways slightly tweaked the wording, please have a look and let me know if it is any better 🙂

Author: This has been updated as part of the suggested changes from @aduh95 👍

>    is merged. So it is sufficient to link on GitHub your PR to the issue or issues it
>    is fixing (for more details see: [GitHub documentation][github-pr-issue-linking-docs]).

Reviewer 2: This documentation is irrelevant
```suggestion
   lands as long as there are included in the Pull Request description.
```

Author: > only the PR description is parsed

Ah ok, good to know! thanks 😄

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the Pull Request lands in several commits, by default the trailers found in the
description are added to each commits.

```

>    fixing directly on GitHub (for more details see the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue))

Reviewer: This link should be added to the end of the document just like in line 170

Author: Yes, my bad, sorry, I've fixed that 🙇

[maintaining dependencies]: ./maintaining/maintaining-dependencies.md
[nodejs/core-validate-commit]: https://github.com/nodejs/core-validate-commit/blob/main/lib/rules/subsystem.js
[pull request template]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nodejs/node/HEAD/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> [running tests]: ../../BUILDING.md#running-tests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[running tests]: ../../BUILDING.md#running-tests

```

[nodejs/core-validate-commit]: https://github.com/nodejs/core-validate-commit/blob/main/lib/rules/subsystem.js
[pull request template]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nodejs/node/HEAD/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
[running tests]: ../../BUILDING.md#running-tests

> [github-pr-issue-linking-docs]: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
